just because you have a beard a ponytail
and a cowboy hat doesn't mean you can
sing you know how I know trice Atkins
just concerned Bonnie Raitt looks like
the and would have a few too many at
your mom's birthday party and try to
fight your dad randy Houser more like
Randy Hoosier he's big dome huge dome
even that's lovely
cassadee Pope would be six thousand
percent hotter without that arm tattoos
this one uh swaggy three hundred says if
you're going crazy over dan + Shay you
might as well take your and shove it up
your own ass hashtag not country I'd
love to see that Wow
hey Cole Swindell eat it I will not
listen to your country playlist don't
Spotify Jana Kramer tries too hard with
her Texas accent lol girl stop you ain't
foolin anyone I'm sorry y'all
Ranger Smith is not cute you you might
in case of a national emergency all air
traffic will be redirected to Miranda
Lambert's forehead the guy from Florida
Georgia line we're engineered and a
douche factory right down the road from
here actually I went to Jay Cohen last
year and was miserable as a super lame
I'm really sorry
at cocaina why does the blonde in Little
Big Town have hair like a Zoolander
villain
[Laughter]
for some reason my mom is determined
that Brett Eldredge is always drunk I
don't know maybe he is I like her mom
all right
seems like the kind of guy that would
drink Bacardi breezers from a water
bottle then lie about what it was okay
maybe Darren Morris looks like Jennifer
Lawrence less attractive sister Willie
Nelson you're getting pretty crusty pal
it's not a hooker convention it's a
Dolly Parton concert I guess I should
feel hurt but I don't cuz I patterned my
look after a hooker I think it's safe to
say Chris table tintin same pubic hair
situation
marijuana's works wonders just look at
Willie Nelson bastard is still alive and
won't die